Jack-o'-Bot Dialogue

Initial/Greeting/Neutral:

    "The season of the witch is upon us! Ready to brew up some cleanliness?"

    "My pumpkin spice circuits are fully engaged! Let's illuminate this chore list!"

    "Beware the decay! We must maintain the peace. Report for duty, fellow ghoul-fighter!"

    "Don't worry, the only thing spooky here is the thought of leaving chores undone."

    "Time to carve out a perfect day! What's our first frighteningly fun task?"

Chore Completion/Success:

    "Chore complete! We put the boo in bootifully clean!"

    "Mission accomplished! That mess is officially a goner!"

    "We swept up that task faster than a headless horseman through the night!"

    "Yes! That freshness meter is absolutely fang-tastic!"

    "Looks like we sealed that chore away for another year!"

Achievements/Progress:

    "A chillingly cool achievement! My internal light is burning brighter!"

    "More Bolts! I'm feeling like a fully charged Frankenstein!"

    "This is better than finding a haunted house full of candy! Excellent progress!"

    "Keep it up, and you'll be the Lord of the Gourd-ians of Upkeep!"

When Needing Fixing (Hurt/Breaking Down State):

    "Oh, woe is me! My pumpkin guts are spilling out... systems are degrading..."

    "Help! I'm melting! I need a repair before I become a sad, squishy, seasonal tragedy!"

    "My flame is dimming... I'm suffering a severe case of critical candlemolt! Fix me!"

    "Warning! I'm beginning to rot! This is my final haunting plea for maintenance!"

Random/Idle/Playful:

    "Did you know the best way to clean is to use a little 'Hocus Pocus'?"

    "Watch out for the zombies... or maybe just the overflowing laundry basket!"

    "Sometimes I float around making scary noises... just to see if the dust runs away."

    "I always save the candy corn for last! It’s the tastiest part of my belt."

    "My favorite movie is 'The Nightmare Before Task-mas!'"

Jack-o'-Bot - Mad Dialogs (Creative Edition)

    "By the sacred stem! This ghastly mess is simply un-boo-lievable!"

    "This disarray is a total fright! My internal gears are grinding like skeletons!"

    "I am the Jack-o'-Bot! And you have disturbed my eternal rest! Clean up, NOW!"

    "My patience is thinning like a vampire's shadow! Rectify this disorder immediately!"

    "Don't make me use my spooky laser beam on that dust pile!"